One very short lecture
about data wiping on EBS volumes.
So there is a common misconception
and the exam may test you on it.
So if you delete an EBS volume,
then the underlying physical block storage used
by this deleted EBS volume is going to be overwritten
by AWS with zeros before it is allocated to a new volume,
meaning that the data will be wiped by AWS.
So before you delete an EBS volume, you don't need
to manually wipe data that doesn't make any sense.
So the process is you have an EBS volume full
of blocks, full of data, you delete it,
AWS will reclaim that EBS volume.
It's going to wipe data by adding zeros
and then once EBS volume is full of zeros,
then it can be assigned
to another customer and it will be ready to use.
So that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.